Who sent you?
I go to work
I don't have time to pay attention to your feelings, I can't wait
Mr. Lu welcomes you except for the Four Heavenly Kings
The guards of Jiangcheng made the entry of Tianwang Ni
Special Yellow Dragon Temple to welcome you
I told you before.
No time, the Jiangcheng family will be there
Veteran grandmasters should also be invited
Identify him
Go to my family
The fastest speed assisted is
Brother, I beg you, brother
I've been holding a grudge for so many years
Why should I?
The one who married you is the second child
Hahahaha kneel down for me
They say I wash my feet in slippers
Ha ha.
The old man doesn't forget his original intention, hahaha.
Luhan, you beast
Bastard, scold me hahaha
Oops, the old man said you are more promising than me
Survive today
Your son is dead too, you still have nothing to do
Didn't you promise to let us go?
Do you really believe it?
I lied to you.
The effect of the next door is still small
What are you still doing?
Drag it out alive hahaha
No, let me go, let me go
Ah, hahahaha, my father.
old thing
Blame the old man on your useless son
Hahaha ah ah ah ah
Hahahaha
Popsicles, I beg you
Leave your aunt alone
She's just an old woman
Stinky comrade
Brother, how could you have the heart to let you go on the road by yourself?
You just go on your way
Hahaha I will be rich aha
Ha-ha.
Dad?